Orbital integrals in YAML/ are generated by NWChem yaml branch.

# Some further information about the integral data provided in this folder

## Data sources

- **[BETA-CAROTENE](./BETA-CAROTENE/)**:
Beta-carotene is the most common form of carotene in plants.
Plant carotenoids are the primary dietary source of provitamin A worldwide,
with beta-carotene as the best-known provitamin A carotenoid.
beta-carotene protects against oxidative damage, which may involve molecular
triplet states and singlet oxygen.
In living organism beta-carotene also plays a role of antenna in light harvesting processes.
Its spectral properties make beta-carotene an ideal candidate for singlet fission processes.

- **[CYTOSINE](./CYTOSINE/)**:
Cytosine is one of the four main bases found in DNA and RNA.
Excited states of cytosine play an important role in ultrafast internal conversion mechanism
that protects DNA against possible damage caused by the UV radiation.

- **[C20](./C20/)**:
C20 systems are often used to calibrate various electron correlation effects.
C20 fullerene is the smallest member of the fullerene family.

- **[Ozone](./O3_ccpvtz/)**:
Ozone is formed from dioxygen by the action of ultraviolet light (UV) and electrical
discharges within the Earth's atmosphere. It is present in very low concentrations throughout the
latter, with its highest concentration high in the ozone layer of the stratosphere, which absorbs
most of the Sun's ultraviolet (UV) radiation.  Quantum mechanical excited-state studies, including
localization of avoided crossings and conical intersection play a critical role in understanding
its role in Earth atmosphere.

- **[N2](./N2/)**:
N2 is a benchmark system  for studies triple bond breaking processes.

- **[F2](./F2/)**:
F2 directory: typical electronic structure benchmark.

- **[LiH](./LiH-sto3g_FCI/)**:
LiH and LiH-sto3g\_FCI: small benchmark system including ground- and excited-state potential energy surfaces.

- **[LiH+](./LiH+_FCI_sto_3g/)**:
LiH+\_FCI\_sto\_3g and B\_6\_31G\_FCI directories: small benchmark systems to study open-shell (doublet) electronic states.

- **[Argon and Boron](./B_6_31G_FCI/)**:
Ar, B\_6\_31G\_FCI directories: benchmarks for atomic systems.

- **[Beryllium](./BeH2_6-31g_FCI/)**:
BeH2\_6-31g\_FCI directory: BeH2 is an ubiquitous benchmark system to study the accuracy of many-body methods.

- **[Beryllium](./Be_631G_FCI/)**:
Be\_631G\_FCI and Be\_ccpvdz directories: Be is an example of atomic system where quasi-degenerate energy levels result in
strong correlation effects.

- **[Hydrogen benchmarks](./H4_dimer_FCI/)**:
H2\_n, H4, H4\_dimer\_FCI directories: contain hydrogen-based models which allows one to tune the strength of correlation effects and
can  be used as models for strongly correlated systems.
